Describe devmode for containers (#150)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: howto/container/launch.md

If you have built your own platform named `foo` and you built it via an addon into the container images, you can launch a container with the platform the same way:

    amc launch -p foo <application-id>

## Launch a container with development mode enabled

> Containers can be launched with development features turned on. This needs to be specified when a container is launched and can not be turned off afterwards. It's strongly recommended not to enable development mode for containers used in a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can launch containers with additional development features turned on. This development mode must be enabled when a container is launched, and it cannot be turned off afterwards. You should never enable development mode for containers used in a production environment.
```
